(film reel clicking)
(ominous music)
(deep eerie music)
(music increases in intensity)
- Go.
(man groans)
- Turn here.
- All right.
(man in car chuckles)
- [Man In Car] Let's go.
(tense suspenseful music)
- Who could that be?
(pounding at door)
We're not expecting any guests.
(tense suspenseful music)
- Okay, move.
(injured man groaning)
- [Man In Plaid] Who else is in the house?
- [Irene] My daughter and the doctor.
- Doctor? Call him.
- I'm Dr. Crumb. What's going on?
- He's shot.
(injured man gasping)
- All right, all right. Take it easy.
I'm gonna check your friend.
(injured man groaning)
All right. Okay, all
right. You'll be all right.
You'll be all right. Just take it easy.
Hold it here.
(footsteps clomping)
(Leonard grunts)
Lenny.
- Let's fucking move now.
- All right, all right.
- Let's go.
- All right.
Just take him this way, now.
- Let's go.
- [Benjamin] This way.
My laboratory's this way.
- Give me some tape.
- Take it easy, easy.
(tense music)
Sit down.
(intruder groans)
I didn't mean to wake you up.
Damn, you look good.
Even in that granny gown. (laughs)
Go upstairs.
Go!
- [Irene] No.
- Turn around!
Give me your hands.
(fist strikes)
(intruder yells)
(intruder laughing)
(tape ripping)
(tense suspenseful music)
(Victoria screaming)
(Leonard yelling)
(intruder groaning)
(head cracks)
(Victoria gasping)
(eerie music)
(Leonard breathing heavily)
(injured man groaning and gasping)
- [Intruder With Gun] Hurry. Quicker.
- That thing in my face isn't helping.
(injured man yelling)
- [Intruder With Gun]
Quicker. Quicker, man.
(injured man yelling)
Stitch him up.
(injured man groaning)
Hurry up.
(injured man breathing heavily)
Five more minutes. We're almost done.
We're almost done.
- You're going to need
to change that dressing.
(intruder with gun grunting)
- [Intruder With Gun] Oh fuck. Fuck.
- No!
No, please, please no.
(injured man grunting)
(blood splatters)
- [Benjamin] Mother, you all right?
Victoria, are you all right?
- She's okay. He's still in her room.
- Get him out.
I want that filthy body out of my house.
(Victoria whimpering)
- [Benjamin] It's all right.
(shovel tapping)
(deep scary music)
(scissors clipping)
- Hurry up, Leonard.
The doctor wants to use
those herbs at full potency.
Oh, and tell Dr. Benjamin
to come in for supper.
I've made something very special.
(slow somber music)
- There you are, dear.
All done.
Now, remember to eat all your meat.
Protein is important for you.
(deep somber music)
- Look, these are the new herbs.
Mrs. Crumb said to come in for dinner.
- Right.
How have the reservations been, Mother?
- [Irene] Wonderful. I just
love this time of year.
We get so many visitors.
- Dinner was delicious. Thank you.
Leonard, excellent harvest this year.
Your herbs are the highest
potency I've ever seen.
I'm testing them now, and if
my suspicions are correct,
it will produce a higher strength serum,
which means lesser amounts
can be used to greater effect.
- I am so proud of you Benjamin.
And I'm proud of you too, Leonard.
Oh, don't forget to empty
and clean those bins tonight.
Yes?
Thank you.
(deep tense music)
(Mrs. Smith giggling)
- So much.
(Mrs. Smith laughing)
- Good evening, um.
Mr. and Mrs. uh-
- Smith.
- Uh yeah, that's us.
- Please come in.
- Where're we goin'?
(deep eerie music)
(Mr. Smith yelling)
- Wow, it smells good.
Have you uh, have you seen my uh, my guy?
(bird chirping)
Is that sausage?
- Yes, it is, sausage and gravy.
It's my own special recipe.
Oh, oh please, sit.
There's the table by the piano.
Breakfast is important, you know.
- Well uh, have you seen my guy?
- Oh, he, he went for a walk with Leonard.
I think they went to see the workshop.
- Oh, great.
Went to the workshop.
Thank you.
- When you finish, I'll take you there.
(eerie music)
(Mrs. Smith sighs)
Oh my.
(liquids gurgling)
(slow mysterious music)
- Well, that's that.
Now what about that girl?
I want her tested for compatibility.
- Resting quietly.
But I already ran her toxic screens,
and uh, she has opiates
and other street drugs
in her system.
- Mm, too bad.
Well, it shouldn't be a total waste.
How's the freezer, Mother, is it full?
- Well, you can never have
enough for the winter months.
Oh, but don't bother yourself,
dear. We'll take care of it.
As soon as you've
finished, we'll have lunch.
- All right.
(liquids gurgling)
(computer keys clicking)
(slow mysterious music)
- [Dispatcher] Sheriff, there's
a Mr. Angel Valente here.
Says he's a private investigator
looking for a missing person.
(slow tense music)
- Have him meet me out on the old road.
(liquids gurgling)
(Mrs. Smith yelling muffled)
(slow somber music)
(Mrs. Smith thuds)
(Mrs. Smith whimpering)
(stick thudding)
(slow mysterious music)
- We're going to town.
- Mother, well, what about lunch?
- Oh really, Benjamin.
Surely you and Leonard can fix something.
(door bangs shut)
- Leonard.
- [Leonard] Here you go,
Dr. B, just how you like it.
- Nicely done, Leonard.
I want you to know, I
think of you as a son.
I hope you know that.
- Dr. B, can I ask you a question?
I've been with you folks for
as long as I can remember.
My grandma and grandpa raised me here.
I been eating this meat all my life.
How did you folks come to eating flesh?
- Hm.
In times of great desperation,
war, depression, famine,
a man will do whatever
it takes to survive.
The Great Depression, for
example, people were starving.
We didn't.
Frankly, it's a waste to bury those
who've sacrificed their lives for science.
Realizing they're rich in protein,
Mother created a curing rub,
which, as you well know,
has a wonderfully savory flavor.
- So you recycle them. Makes sense.
- The next town is 32 miles that way.
We don't get too many visitors out here
unless they're lost.
There's no hotel, and the
only motel is the Lucky 8
you saw as you entered town.
Mostly truckers there.
- Well, that's interesting
'cause Banesville area
was the last reported sighting.
- Oh.
- There's no other area or a place
where somebody could stay?
- Not really.
Well, there's the Crumbs' place,
but it's one of those
bed and breakfast places.
You have to make arrangements in advance.
- Yeah.
- Lovely people, the Crumbs.
Been in the County as long
as anyone can remember.
(Angel chuckles)
If you care to talk to them,
they're about a mile down
the road, can't miss it.
- All right.
Thanks, sheriff.
- You bet.
Hey, you know, I'll ask
around the Lucky 8 for you.
- [Angel] Thanks.
(door bells jangling)
- Well, good afternoon.
Aren't you the cutest couple ever?
- [Francisco] Good afternoon.
We are, miss, miss-
- Forgive my husband, he
doesn't speak English very well.
We are Mr. And Mrs.
Francisco Soliz. Newlyweds.
Do you have our reservation?
- Nothing to forgive.
- Ah.
- Now, now, beautiful.
Uh, uh, uh, uh, buenas tardes.
- [Francisco] Oh.
(Solizs laugh)
- Please, please, come in, come in.
- Gracis.
- Enter, por favor.
- Oh, (chuckles) thank you.
- I will be stepping out, but oh,
I'm gonna leave you in
good hands, I assure you.
Uh, Victoria and I have a few
errands to run in town, dear.
- Very good, Mother.
- Mm.
- Well, uh, through here I'll show you
where your rooms will be.
(singing in Spanish)
(Francisco clears throat)
(Francisco speaking Spanish)
- I'm sorry. We wanted to
surprise you with a snack.
- I love fresh salsa and guacamole.
- What happened to the music?
Ah, I thought something
had happened to our guests.
- What can happen to us here? (chuckles)
We'll be leaving early in the morning.
We want to see the
sunrise from Mystery Rock.
- [Irene] Be careful up there.
- You guys are so
special. We will be back.
- Well, lovely, thank you.
(Francisco laughs)
Mother, enjoy.
- My husband would like
to cook something special
for dinner.
If you don't mind.
- Uh, yes, yes. Why not?
- That would be wonderful.
- Yes, it would be.
Mother, shall we retire to the other room?
Please.
(gentle guitar music)
- We found a freshly
butchered piece of meat.
It looked like pork.
I hope you don't mind we used it.
- Okay.
- Not at all.
And yes, it is freshly butchered.
Well, I don't see any beans.
I thought you Mexicans always eat beans.
- Father, that's offensive.
- Oh? Well I didn't mean it like that.
Well, the good thing is he
can't understand me anyway.
Right?
- Mm, perhaps we should do more eating
and uh, less talking, Benjamin.
- Now, what is this special dish?
- Carnitas.
- Oh.
- Yes, carnitas.
- Huh. Hm.
Leonard. When you're
finished come in for lunch.
We're having the carnitas
the Solizs left for us.
- Sorry to bother you.
My car broke down on the road.
I think that it overheated or
something. Can you help me?
I was on my way to a photo shoot.
I'm a model.
I just must've taken a wrong turn.
I can't seem to get any reception.
- How 'bout a cold refreshment?
- It is hot.
How 'bout some lemonade, and
I'll take care of your car.
(keys jingling)
- Have you lived here long?
- Since a girl.
I was raised on this property.
- I guess you like living
out in the middle of nowhere.
- It's our home. That is somewhere.
- Oh my gosh. This is so good.
- Well, well, well, who
is our new friend here?
- I'm Ricki, with an I.
My car broke down and your
boy's trying to fix it.
- Oh, well, my boy's name is Leonard.
And I am Dr. Benjamin, Ricki with an I.
And uh, I think I'll go
take a look at your car.
- Well, to unexpected car breakdowns.
- Right?
(both laughing)
(birds chirping)
- (yawns) Could really use a nap.
- Not a problem, dear.
You can nap upstairs while
Leonard retrieves your car.
(Ricki sighs)
(eerie music)
- She's perfect.
- Perfect.
- I'll have Leonard take
her to the workshop.
(liquids gurgling)
This is a fortuitous day.
Be extracting hormones,
pineal, pituitary glands.
(slow tense music)
Ah, that's better.
Shall we begin?
(slow haunting music)
(fluids slurping)
(Ricki screaming)
(telephone ringing)
Is no one going to get that?
(Benjamin sighs)
Dr. Benjamin Crumb
speaking. Can I help you?
(slow somber music)
I see.
I understand.
No problem.
Thank you for your concern.
(slow scary music)
- This is Dr. Benjamin. Why
don't you show him the photo?
- Too bad, looks like a nice guy.
How long has he been missing?
- Little while.
- As you probably know, all of
our guests make reservations.
- How 'bout you? You seen this man?
Perhaps in town?
Okay (laughs), I'll take that as a no.
- Here you are, please take this.
I season and age the meat myself.
I hope you find that poor man.
His wife must be miserable.
- Sheriff Martin says you're
the best cook in the county.
Thanks.
- Thanks, folks.
(eerie music)
- Remember to empty those bins tonight.
(objects clattering)
(curious music)
- What? What did you find?
Let's see.
(light curious music)
(laughs) Do you like them?
What else?
(light curious music)
I'll wear them for you tonight.
- I laid out your favorite dress for you.
Let me help you.
You have such beautiful skin.
You began the serum at the right time,
when your skin was still young and smooth.
Hopefully you have many
more years remaining young
and beautiful.
- Do you like Leonard mother? For me?
- He loves you. He will take care of you.
- Yes.
I love you, Mother.
- They may have come through here.
The Lucky 8 is where they would land.
How long you been looking?
- A while.
- Where are they from?
- Sacramento.
- Sacramento. Bit of a distance.
You from there?
- Close by.
Hey look sheriff, I'd really appreciate it
if you could keep an eye out.
- I sure will.
You know, I, I hate to
hear this sort of thing.
Do you have a card or a
way I can reach to you
in case I hear something?
- I left my number with your dispatcher.
She knows how to get ahold of me.
- Alrighty then.
Then I suppose there
isn't much more I can do.
- Thanks, sheriff.
- Absolutely.
- Appreciate your help.
- Yeah.
I'll keep you posted if anything comes up,
and I'd appreciate it if you did the same.
Like I said, I hate hearing
of this sort of thing too.
- Sheriff.
- [Martin] Hey.
- I don't mean to interrupt.
Kinda lost it back there.
- Yeah. I can see that.
- I don't have anything
big enough to loosen it up.
- Leonard, why don't we help
this gentleman fix his bike.
Just follow Leonard.
(eerie music)
Mother.
We have a new guest.
A strapping young mountain biker.
- Really? I don't recall any reservations.
- No, he doesn't have one.
- [Irene] Where is Leonard?
- Round back helping
the man fix his bicycle.
- (sighs) These newfangled
things confuse me so.
I loved that outfit.
- Perfect.
- Hm.
Oh, we can do better than that.
Victoria, please bring
our guest some lemonade.
(eerie music)
- Here you are.
Do you like it?
- It's very good.
- The road leads straight back into town.
- Why don't you join Victoria
and I for a late lunch?
We have plenty.
- I'm Michael.
(tense haunting music)
(air hissing)
Damn.
Must've been a slow leak.
Looks like I'm staying a while.
- My family owns several
hundred acres, mostly woods.
- (sighs) I thought.
- I, I'm not angry, I just,
I've never been kissed.
I mean, by anyone other
than my parents, or Leonard.
- Leonard?
(tense haunting music)
- We need to get back.
He'll be looking for me.
- Did you two have a nice walk?
- We did. I showed him the woods.
- That's nice.
You can stay the night
and leave in the morning.
Leonard can take your tire into town.
- No need. Uh, I have a spare tube.
So uh, but yeah, I can uh, get
a fresh start in the morning.
- Your room is at the top of the stairs.
Clean towels are in the
shower if you wanna clean up.
What's wrong?
- He might've taken a
picture he shouldn't have.
- Oh dear.
Get his phone.
- I'll handle it.
- No, I will.
(water splattering)
(deep tense music)
- What are you doing with my phone?
(Michael thuds)
- Don't fret, dear. It's
all going to be over soon.
- Thank you, Father.
(deep mysterious music)
- You should've left.
(Michael grunting)
(saw buzzing)
(slow suspenseful music)
(doorbell ringing)
(kids chattering)
- Hey, we're only a few
minutes up the road.
- [Lens] Whew.
It's so green here. It's great.
- [Woman In Car] Well, it better be nice.
There's people there?
- Oh, keep complaining.
I showed you a picture.
We are at the front of the house.
Not exactly what one would
expect when described as,
"the cottage in the woods."
Although, it certainly is in the woods.
Uh, at this time, there
are no life forms present.
But wait.
We have, wow.
- Hello.
- [Victoria] Do you have a reservation?
- [Spencer] Yeah, we've,
we've got reservations.
- Victoria, are these our new guests?
- Victoria?
- Yes?
- Oh, I'm sorry, I was, I
was just repeating your name.
That's how I memorize someone's
name I don't wanna forget.
- Well then, what are your names?
- Well, I'm Spencer.
That's Kat, Lens, and Sandy.
- I'm Irene, and I hope you like tamales.
I have a wonderful recipe
a guest shared with me.
Well, bring your things and come inside.
- Wow.
Whoa.
So many birds.
Oh!
- [Irene] Leonard,
Benjamin, our new guests.
- What's the wifi password?
- [Victoria] Why what?
- Really? The wifi?
You know the internet?
- Sure, the internet.
We don't get it here.
- Uh. Where the hell are we?
No internet? Shit.
- Mother, why don't we have the internet?
- Why?
- I'm just wondering why we
don't have it. That's all.
- Well, we don't need it.
- Why? What's wrong with the internet?
- Well, nothing, it's just uh, not for us.
- Why not? Why don't
you want me to have it?
- You don't need it.
- What don't you want me to find out?
- There is nothing there for you.
(Victoria sighs)
(water splashes)
- All right, here we are with the big guy
in his natural environment.
Hey. Hey, big guy.
Uh, how do you know the
difference between these herbs?
- I just know.
- Just know?
- That's all.
- That's good, yeah. Keep it going.
- That's it.
- We went walking. I was
just showing him around.
- Yeah, we were just
like walking over there.
(tense music)
- What the foe was that all about?
- It, it's all right.
- Uh.
(Leonard breathing heavily)
- They need to leave now!
- Whoa, Leonard.
- I want them gone.
I, (panting) I want to-
- I understand.
(Leonard breathing heavily)
Spencer, isn't it?
But they are our guests.
They have reservations. You know this.
Listen. They will be gone soon enough.
Be patient.
(Leonard exhales deeply)
(tense somber music)
(Benjamin sighs)
(insects buzzing)
(swing creaking)
- You think the doc would
let me interview him?
- [Sandy] Why?
- 'Cause he's totally cool.
I mean, look at this place.
Yeah hey, Dr. B, what do you say?
How 'bout I interview you?
- No, I don't think so.
I'm not that interesting.
- (sighs) Already tried the big guy,
but his vocabulary is rather limited.
Uh, no offense.
- Chill, Lens. No need to burn him.
- Well kids, till morning then.
Victoria, shall we say goodnight?
(deep tense music)
- Okay, this place is totally weird.
What's up with the creepy doll?
- Dude, who cares?
Victoria is flaming hot.
- What?
- Bet she can't dance.
(Lens laughs)
I'm just sayin'.
- I bet she can do the horizontal mambo.
- Behavior.
- Just saying.
- Is that all you're thinking of?
- Yeah.
- Yeah, yeah.
- What's weird for me is they act like
they're from the 1800s.
The doctor with his fob.
Victoria, the way she dresses.
- I'm tired.
Let's just leave early and
have breakfast somewhere else.
I got diarrhea from that meat.
- Ew. What happened to you?
(Lens imitates farting)
(kids laughing)
(eerie music)
(insects chirping)
(Kat clears throat)
- There's two of us here.
(Sandy coughs)
Serves you right for being greedy.
- Who's there?
Oh, cool. You want some?
- What is it?
- It's pot.
What? Afraid you'll get addicted?
- Nevermind her.
It's okay.
How long have you lived here?
- All my life. I grew up here.
- Are you sure you don't want a hit?
(tense music)
(Victoria coughing)
- (laughs) Whoa, did you
see that? That was huge.
(Kat laughs)
- So what's up with
the Mystery Rock stuff?
- I mean, haven't people
disappear up there?
- Uh, I, I don't know.
- That's a legend, Sandy.
Right?
- I've never been there.
I've heard stories of
people who have disappeared.
- Ooh, sounds creepy.
(Sandy laughs)
- Is this a private party?
- Oh my god, Spencer. You
scared the crap outta me.
- Cool.
I have a question to ask you.
What are you doing all the way out here
in the middle of nowhere?
There's like, nothing to do.
There's no dancing. There's no music.
You like EDM?
You know, Calvin Harris, Timmy Trumpet.
- [Victoria] I'm really not
sure what kind of music I like.
- Okay.
What about guys? What kinda guys you like?
- My kind.
- Whoa, man. Chill.
- Victoria.
You're smoking pot?
If your mother were to see you like this,
she'd be very upset.
You should go home.
You're leaving in the morning, right?
- Yeah?
- You're leaving in the morning. Right?
- [Kat] He creeps me out.
- [Sandy] Do you see
the way he looks at her.
- Yeah, yeah. Give me the damn pen.
(Spencer inhaling)
(Spencer exhales)
(insects chirping)
- Had a feeling I'd find you out here.
Watching him.
I know how you feel.
You cannot kill him.
In all our years yet, we
have never harmed a guest
with reservations.
Am I clear?
(insects chirping)
- We are in the Crumbs' backyard.
To my rear are the woods.
Ooh, spooky.
The yard runs right up
to the edge of the woods.
At night you can almost hear the Wolfman
howling at the moon. (howling)
(Lens laughing)
Over here's the workshop.
Dr. Benjamin's got his
laboratory in there.
Wonder what kind of experiments he does?
Let's see if we can get in.
(birds chirping)
- Can I help you?
- Just, shit!
(gasps) I didn't see you walk up.
- You wanna see my lab?
- Yeah, yeah, (stammering) sure.
Very cool.
(birds chirping)
- I'll get the lights.
Don't touch anything.
(liquids gurgling)
- Ooh, it's cold as shit in here.
- Well, this is where I
conduct my medical research.
I am studying the causes and effects
of human cellular degeneration,
and the effects of certain
natural substances on processes.
- You mean like, stopping
the aging process?
- Precisely.
- Wow.
Uh, how, how's it all work?
- I have created a serum that
coats the cells in a substance
that prevents carcinogens
from destroying cell tissue,
thus preventing cellular degeneration
that causes aging, disease,
and it makes the cell growth stronger.
- Fountain of youth.
- It doesn't reverse the aging process,
but it arrests where it is.
So that if you started taking
it when you were eight,
you would always appear to be eight,
but you would feel younger,
and you would never get ill.
- So, so if I took it
now, I'd stay like this.
And I wouldn't get sick.
I'd look like this forever.
(gasps) Unreal.
Excuse me for saying, but
that is totally fucking cool.
Can I try it?
- Mrs. Crumb needs to speak with you.
- Ah. Well, Lens here was
just asking about the serum.
- I was totally just blown
away, dude. (imitates explosion)
- I can prep him if you like.
- No, that, that won't be necessary.
- Yeah, prep me.
- No, I think it's better for you
if you get back with your friends now.
(liquids gurgling)
- It was a pleasure meeting all of you.
Oh, and uh, I prepared some
prime cuts for you to share.
- Oh, thanks.
You know, aside from the
wifi, it's been pretty cool.
- Yeah, the shits only lasted one day.
- Oh, shits and giggles.
Who could ask for anything more?
- Hey, I was gonna ask you.
Do you have like maybe
a phone or an email or-
- I recommend you get gas
before you leave town.
- Okay. Okay, well, it
was nice to meet you.
See ya.
(birds chirping)
(engine revving)
- [Lens] See you later, Dr. B.
- I don't like them.
- What a pity they had a reservation.
- I don't know, he better-
- I don't know,
but he needs to hurry
up because I'm starving.
- [Kat] Well I hope he's
gonna get some zebra cake.
- I wanna get a burrito bowl.
- He'll bring something.
- Well, that's-
- Hi.
- Really amazing to say that.
- Hi back.
- Are you from here?
- Why?
- I'm looking for a place. A cottage?
- Oh, you mean the Crumbs' place?
It's down the road a couple miles.
Oh my god. It's about time.
(bags crinkling)
Okay, I'll take these.
- Thank you.
- Bye.
Did you see how hot he was?
(kids talking quietly)
(motorcycle engine rumbling)
- Is this the cottage?
- Yes. Do you have a reservation?
- No, I got the address off of a flyer.
- Are you looking for a room?
- Just for tonight.
- Please, come in.
- [Victoria] I like your motorcycle.
- Your room will be the first
at the top of the stairs.
And uh, you are free to use
the facilities if you like.
Or you could always eat with us.
- By the way, I'm Cameron.
- I'm Irene and (giggles) there's
Dr. Benjamin, and Leonard.
And-
- I'm Victoria.
- Thanks.
This is good.
Can I pay you now?
You know, just in case I
don't get another chance.
- Okay, um, that, that's 60.
- 60.
- Leonard, could you please get the key.
And your motorcycle is
fine right where it is.
- [Victoria] Excuse me, Father,
have you seen our new guest?
- Oh, Cameron? No.
Isn't he in his room?
- I don't know.
- Mother!
- Oh dear god, Benjamin,
you don't have to shout.
- Have you seen the boy?
- He's not in his room?
Victoria, go and knock
on his door, please.
- Reading a very interesting chapter here
about California horse ranching.
This would have been excellent
information to have had
about 25 years ago.
(loud thudding)
- [Victoria] Oh no, Father!
- [Irene] Oh, what is it?
- He's overdosing.
Heartbeat's still strong.
I'll need you to induce vomiting.
Let's get him to the workshop.
(tense suspenseful music)
Get him up.
Come on.
(tense suspenseful music)
All right. Go ahead and
swallow it, swallow it.
(Cameron groans)
Good.
(tense suspenseful music)
(Cameron retching)
You're all right.
You'll make it.
(deep suspenseful music)
Mother, I'd appreciate
if could repair a seam
in the trousers of my brown suit.
- I don't have time today.
I'll take it into the tailor.
(motorcycle engine revving)
- Well, that was disappointing.
He was a healthy specimen.
- (sighs) My, my, my, my, my.
- Oh, don't worry, Mother.
I'm sure everything is fine.
- They're probably lost.
- Well I hope they didn't get cold feet.
- Are you bored, dear?
Me too.
But, you are looking much better.
Are you feeling better?
There's my girl.
(slow mysterious music)
Excuse me, Leonard.
- [Mr. Kline] Jennifer, what
the hell are gettin' us into?
- The ad said they're
just simple country folk.
- Simple country folk?
Look at 'em. They're frickin' hicks.
- Hi, you must be the Klines.
- We are.
- [Jennifer] We made a couple
of stops. I bought some dates.
Do love dates?
- Uh, you need to excuse her-
- I just love them.
- She's a little bit of a talker.
- I think she's just excited.
I hope you're hungry.
I made something special
for you to snack on.
Leonard, could you please take
their bags into their rooms?
And when you're done,
please park their car.
- Good evening.
- Hello.
- I'm Dr. Benjamin Crumb.
- Nice to meet you.
- You're a tall drink
of water, aren't you?
(Jennifer giggles)
- Neurosurgeon? Way out here?
I don't get it.
- Dinner, Ms. Crumb, was fantastic.
I wish I could cook like you.
- Huh, me too. She has
trouble boiling eggs.
- Thank you, dear, very
kind of you to say.
- Let's play a game.
Charades.
- Huh?
- Okay, I'll go first.
(seductive music)
- Naughty girl?
A stripper, huh?
- No.
(seductive music)
- A prostitute?
- No.
- I think we need to tone
it down a little bit.
- An exotic dancer?
- Yes.
An exotic dancer. Come dance with me.
- I can't dance.
- I don't think this is actually really-
- Sure you can dance.
If you can move, you can dance.
Come, I'll show you.
Ready?
- [Victoria] Mm-hmm.
- Arms, shoulders.
There you go. It's fun, right?
Good job.
All right. You ready?
You wanna try something fun? You ready?
Okay, let's do it.
(Jennifer gasps)
- What the hell, Jennifer?
- Oh no, I'm so sorry.
Oh my god, I'm so, so sorry.
- [Mr. Kline] I think we've had enough.
- You know what, uh, Mr. and Mrs. Kline,
this has been interesting, but,
you know how to find your rooms.
- I, I didn't mean to do that.
- Goodnight.
- I'm sorry. I didn't mean to do that.
- We're gettin' outta here.
(Irene sighs)
(water rushing)
- Benjamin, get down here.
- What is it?
- They're gone.
- Well, bullocks.
(Irene sighs)
- They left this morning.
- Leonard, from now on,
never let the guests' keys
out of your sight.
(Irene sighs)
(birds chirping)
- It's okay.
Anyway, she was nice.
I'm all right.
(birds chirping)
(door bells jangling)
- You're in luck. We
just had a cancellation.
Come on in.
(liquids gurgling)
- Oh, here we are.
Victoria.
You look great.
Color is back.
I think we can maintain for a while.
He's healthy, and alone.
So he can be our guest
for as long as we want.
Now, I'm sure you're hungry so,
let's not keep Mother waiting.
Come along.
(insects buzzing)
(slow eerie music)
(door slams)
- [Irene] I thought you
might like something to eat.
The doctor will be in soon.
I hope you're comfortable.
(insects buzzing)
- [Martin] You all right?
What're you doing out here?
- I couldn't hold it.
Didn't wanna entertain any passer-bys.
What're you doin' out here?
- You gotta do what you gotta do.
- Yeah.
- Patrolling.
You coming or going?
- You been sheriff a long time, right?
I mean, you seem to know about
everything and everybody,
like the Crumbs.
Tell me, does the doctor
still see patients?
- What's to know?
The Crumbs are just regular
folks leading regular lives.
- Huh. Right.
Well, it's getting kinda dark out here.
Guess I'll be getting back to town.
(slow tense music)
(liquids gurgling)
- Leonard, prep the donor.
- I'm afraid we're too late.
- No, no.
Dammit. He must've just expired.
(Benjamin sighs)
Well let's not let it be a total waste.
He's still fresh.
Leonard, wrap and dress the meat.
Mother, please tell Victoria I'm sorry.
(stethoscope clunks)
(liquids gurgling)
(door bells clanging)
- Hello.
- Hi.
We're the Archers.
We like to get straight to the point.
- He thinks he's being funny.
- [Mr. Archer] Um, we
saw a post on Facebook.
- We don't have a reservation.
- Oh, well, this is your lucky day.
Our reserved guest canceled.
- [Mr. Archer] Oh.
- [Mrs. Archer] Thank you.
- Victoria?
Dear, could you ask Leonard to come
and collect our guests' bags?
- Oh, bags? No, um, this is it.
- Well.
(skillet sizzling)
Dinner will be ready in an hour.
- Oh, don't worry about us.
You know, we brought our
own food. (clears throat)
Where do you keep your bowls?
- [Irene] Bowls?
- To soak my nuts.
We're vegans.
(Irene giggles)
(footsteps clomping)
(insects buzzing)
- Huh. Figures.
(liquids gurgling)
(deep scary music)
- Wow.
You got quite the set-up here.
(wood thuds)
(Mr. Archer thuds)
(deep mysterious music)
- Get the woman.
(door clicks open)
(door clicks shut)
(deep mysterious music)
- Boo.
(Mrs. Archer screams)
(fluids squishing)
(deep mysterious music)
(Mrs. Archer whimpering)
- Please, don't hurt me. Please.
- Go get Victoria. I'll prep the donor.
(deep mysterious music)
Lovely.
(door bangs)
(deep mysterious music)
(insects buzzing)
(birds chirping)
- Benjamin.
Benjamin.
- Mother, what's wrong?
- Where's your father?
- He's in the workshop with Leonard.
- Please go get him.
- Mother needs you.
- Take the SIM cards out of
those phones and destroy them.
Mother?
Oh, whatever is the matter?
- Look at my face. I'm aging again.
- Mother.
- It's okay.
We knew this could happen.
- Come to the workshop with me.
I have something for you.
(slow somber music)
Mother, I feel very strongly
about this new compound.
Thanks to our vegan friends,
we have more than enough to
mix the new batch of serum.
- And Victoria?
- I finished earlier.
I feel fine.
(liquids gurgling)
- You are such a good doctor.
- Yes, well I suppose I am
above average, aren't I?
- They were lost.
- [Irene] And now they're found.
(suspenseful tense music)
(computer keys clicking)
(liquids gurgling)
(deep somber music)
(woman gasping)
- You little bitch.
(object thuds)
- Dammit, Mother.
You should've waited for me
to make an extraction first.
Now her platelets can't
be salvaged for Victoria.
It's too late.
(Benjamin sighs)
Put this in storage.
Clean this mess up.
(tense suspenseful music)
(liquid dribbling)
(eerie music)
(tense suspenseful music)
(birds chirping)
(Benjamin sighs)
She's getting worse.
She hasn't got long now.
I need to replace her kidneys.
- How long?
- Few weeks.
Months at best.
- Your father would know what to do.
(slow somber music)
- You don't have to hide the truth.
I'm certainly old enough.
(slow somber music)
- You can't leave.
This is where you belong. Here, with me.
- You don't understand. I'm not normal.
This is not normal.
- You just need more serum, that's all.
- I don't need more serum.
You don't get it. Do you?
(Leonard sighs)
- I want to marry you.
I love you.
(gentle music)
- Oh my Leonard.
Oh my big, beautiful Leonard.
I'm a hemophiliac with a club foot.
My parents are my grandmother, Irene,
and my father, Dr. Benjamin, her son.
Her son.
I'm a product of the
worst kind of coupling,
incest.
- So?
- My kidneys are damaged, Leonard.
I heard them talking. I've
only got a few weeks left.
I don't know, maybe more.
They need replacing or something.
- I'm not giving up on you.
- Look at this one.
That's Dr. Benjamin.
- I don't know. It may be his grandfather.
There's a striking resemblance.
As for the body, the doc often
helps out the county corner.
Not unusual.
- I have to come clean with you, sheriff.
The girl in the photograph is my niece.
- I'm sorry to hear that.
How long has she been missing?
- About a month.
Her father died, my brother.
- Are you really a licensed PI?
- I'm investigating what
happened to my niece.
I, I just get this really weird
feeling about those people.
- Tell you what.
I'll meet you out there tomorrow.
We'll take a look around.
- Okay.
Thanks, sheriff.
- You bet.
(tense music)
Morning, Dr. B.
- Morning sheriff, pleasure.
What brings you out?
- I asked him.
- No big deal.
He says he may have found
something I'd be interested in.
Mind if I take a look, doc?
- Sure.
Leonard, show Sheriff Martin
and Mr. Valente around.
- Let's look in there.
(slow tense music)
(liquids gurgling)
- I apologize for the mess.
If I'd have known you were coming,
I would have made the
place more presentable.
- What about the body?
- Oh, you saw that.
Sorry. Poor girl.
Sent her body back to the morgue
after I finished my autopsy.
It was a homicide.
(Angel scoffs)
- I hope you feel better now.
Dr. Benjamin is a good man.
If you wanna look some more,
we can go back in there.
Irene said to give you this.
Enjoy.
(birds chirping)
(slow gentle music)
- What's wrong with Leonard?
- Nothing's wrong with
Leonard, darling, he's fine.
- Then what?
- Oh, Victoria. Do I
really need to say it?
- Say what? Leonard is my friend.
- I know. But he's not family.
Family can be more than family, you know?
- I, I don't think that way.
I mean, about you, other than family.
- Why not?
- I want to be with Leonard.
Not you.
You're my father.
Remember?
- Victoria, I...
(Benjamin sighs)
(slow somber music)
- [Irene] Well she's a
grown woman. She's lonely.
- Oh, I know. I only
want what's best for her.
And of course I like Leonard, but he's-
- What?
He's what?
- Oh, Lenny. You're an
educated person, be logical.
- What does logic have to do with this?
Why don't you just say it?
(deep tense music)
(Benjamin groans)
Say it!
- Lenny.
- Lenny, calm down.
Lenny, calm down. Lenny.
- Stop, Lenny.
- Say it.
- Stop.
- He's black.
- I didn't mean it like that, Lenny.
- Lenny, please, please, let him go.
- Please. I'm sorry.
- Please.
(Benjamin coughing)
(Leonard yells)
(door slams)
(Benjamin sighs)
- Benjamin, stop.
- That boy-
- Stop it, stop it, stop, stop.
(Benjamin breathing heavily)
Stop it. Okay?
Look at me.
(birds tweeting)
(footsteps crunching)
(Benjamin sighing)
- Why, hello.
Hi there.
Nice pole.
You goin' fishing?
What are you fishing for?
- Whatever's hungry, I guess.
- Hm. What kind of bait you using?
- I have some worms that
my daddy bought for me.
- Oh.
Well, where's your daddy now?
- He's doing other things. Chop wood.
- Oh.
Well, you know what.
I happen to have some of
the best bait in the county.
I'm Dr. Benjamin Crump.
I live in the big house
just up over there.
You know what, if you follow
me, I'll fix you right up.
And, Mrs. Crumb, just
baked a peach cobbler today
that I think needs taste-testing.
You wanna come with me? It's
just right through that way.
(deep ominous music)
(boy's neck cracks)
(Benjamin breathing heavily)
(Benjamin sighing)
I know you probably don't want
to hear what I have to say.
I understand.
I just never figured this.
I hope you can accept my apology.
I'm sorry.
I never meant to make you feel like...
- Like what?
(birds chirping)
- I met someone in the woods.
I need you to take care of him for me.
He's uh, beyond the brush
in a small clearing.
(birds chirping)
(deep somber music)
(Leonard crying)
(shovel stamping)
(deep somber music)
- He lived here.
(Leonard breathing heavily)
Did you get everything?
- [Leonard] Yes.
- The bin is full,
unless you need it.
- No.
- Bury him in it.
- I already did.
(gentle music)
(ominous music)
(man breathing heavily)
(man in trees winces)
(woman screams)
I want to show you something.
Please, Victoria? Please?
(liquids gurgling)
Don't peak.
I said don't peak.
Okay. You can look.
(liquids gurgling)
- You did this for me?
Why?
(Leonard laughing)
- Leonard.
Victoria.
Where did she come from?
Did you find her?
- Leonard did it for me.
- For her transplant.
They were out in the woods.
- I must run several tests first.
They?
- She had a friend. He's done.
- Give her an IV. Prep her for testing.
I must check for compatibility.
Keep her quiet and out of
site. Take her to your place.
- [Irene] And what if it fails?
- I don't know.
(curious music)
But we owe her this much.
She has nothing else.
(curious music)
(motorcycle engine rumbling)
- Hi.
I'm sure you didn't expect to see me back.
I'm sorry I didn't stay to say thank you.
- [Victoria] Or goodbye.
- I am sorry.
You know, you folks were very kind to me.
Saved me and,
I'm glad you did.
- Well we are very glad to have you back.
- Yes, and uh, we have no guests.
So you're welcome to stay the night.
- Yes, stay.
- Sure. Why not?
- Well that's settled then.
(glasses clinking)
(eerie music)
- [Victoria] Leaving again?
- Sorry, I didn't see you coming.
Uh, no, not till the morning.
- I'm glad you came back.
You look happier.
Can I ask you a personal question?
- Sure.
- (sighs) Why?
- Why did I leave?
- (sighs) Why did you
try to kill yourself?
You, you, you don't have to
tell me if you don't want to.
I just, I, you look like
you're well-cared for.
- Well, too well-cared for, that's,
that's part of the problem.
- I don't understand.
You're handsome, and I mean,
you seem to have money and...
- I have a fiance, and she's
beautiful and a nice person,
but I don't love her.
I love someone else.
- Who? Who?
Who is it you love?
I'm sorry. That, that's
none of my business.
I shouldn't have asked.
- I just, I don't think you'd understand.
My parents certainly wouldn't.
- Why?
Is it race?
- I love women, but I've
never been in love with one.
I don't know why I'm telling you this.
I don't even know you.
- Well maybe that's why.
We don't know each other
to judge each other.
It's getting a little chilly.
Would you like a cup of coffee?
- Yeah.
(insects buzzing)
Let me get that.
You two have gotta be right
out of Homes and Garden.
You remind me of my grandmother.
She recently passed away.
God, I miss her.
I mean I, I could tell my nana anything.
I used to call her nana.
Silly, huh?
(slow somber music)
I guess I still call her that.
I'm gonna miss her.
I'm sorry. I'm sorry, I just-
- Oh, no, no, no.
What's wrong, what is it? Stay.
- I'm sorry. I just can't help myself.
(Carmen sobbing)
- Oh, sh, sh, sh.
It's okay.
(gentle music)
You remind me of my late brother.
He was the sensitive one.
He too was special.
You should never be
ashamed to be who you are.
You are a handsome man.
I'm sure that the person
you love, loves you back.
And that is all that counts.
Right, Victoria?
- Yes, Mother.
(gentle music)
(liquid gurgling)
(Benjamin humming)
- When I finish here, I
will prep your patient.
- Very good.
Go bring Victoria down,
and begin her transfusion.
- Victoria.
Dr. B will be ready for you soon.
- For what?
- [Leonard] Dr. B wants you in
the lab for serum injections.
- Who? Who is the donor?
- [Leonard] Motorcycle man.
(spoon clattering)
- I don't understand.
- You said she would be okay for awhile.
- She will be, but this is an opportunity
to give her system a badly needed boost.
- Father, we can't do this.
- What're you talking about?
Of course we can. We need to.
Leonard, where's the donor?
- He's not a donor.
He's a person.
- Of course he is.
They're all people.
But he doesn't have a
reservation, does he?
Leonard, go get him.
- [Irene] Why? We don't need him yet.
- Of course we need him.
I can put the serum in storage,
but Victoria needs this transfusion.
Now Leonard, go get the donor.
- Huh-uh.
- I won't do it.
- Victoria, wait.
(ominous music)
He's perfect.
This is important.
This is your life.
- What about his life?
(ominous music)
- I don't understand.
He's a perfect fit for Victoria.
She needs this transfusion now.
- We can't do it.
Not him anyway.
- Why not?
He doesn't have a reservation.
- Will you stop already
with this reservation crap!
- Irene, we swore to this.
This is important.
- And you swore not to do
harm to others. Remember?
- (laughs) Don't lecture me on ethics.
My work is for the good of all mankind.
- Don't you lecture me on the
importance of life, Benjamin.
Cameron is,
Cameron is very special.
- Precisely why he must be the donor.
- He's not like the others.
He's gay.
(Benjamin laughs)
- And?
He's very healthy, and a
perfect fit for Victoria.
- He will not be the donor.
(liquids gurgling)
- Bloody hell.
- Thank you.
Victoria, thank you.
(birds chirping)
(motorcycle engine rumbling)
- I want this done immediately.
She cannot stay at Leonard's.
- Well, first I need to get-
- Benjamin, I said I
want it done immediately.
- Yes, Mother, we'll do it tonight.
(cleaver thuds)
Leonard, go tell Victoria.
(birds chirping)
(phone keys clicking)
- Sheriff Martin, please.
Angel Valente.
Tell him I found a missing person's poster
of the girl with her throat cut.
Yes, cut.
Just tell him I'll meet him
over at the Crumbs' cottage.
Thank you.
(deep tense music)
(insects buzzing)
(brush rustling)
(tense suspenseful music)
It's okay, just, okay.
All right, just, quick.
Okay, go, go, go, go.
(tense suspenseful music)
Okay, okay, okay, wait.
The road's right there. Now you go.
- No, you have to go with me.
- No, no. You contact Sheriff Martin.
No, no. I have to go back.
Go. Go.
- No.
- [Irene] How did she get loose?
She'll try to report it.
- She must've had help. Her boyfriend?
- Buried.
Mr. Valente?
- [Irene] He didn't leave?
- Find him and find the girl.
- [Irene] They couldn't have gone too far.
(deep tense music)
(woman crying)
- [Woman] Help me.
- Get in. Calm down.
You're safe now. You're safe now.
I got you. Now calm down.
(tense suspenseful music)
- Stop right there.
Put it down. Put it down.
Get over there.
Turn around.
Get up that hill.
Go on, move.
Move.
- Leonard.
- Get back.
Get back.
All right. What's going on here?
You sick degenerates.
- You couldn't possibly
know what's going on.
This is beyond you.
We are trying to save someone we love.
What would you expect?
She's our family.
- Do you have children?
- I had a niece, who you killed.
Get the fuck back!
- Let me make you an offer, Mr. Valente.
I can help you live as
long as you want. True.
With no illness, and no further aging.
- Yeah, how? By killing others?
What gives you the right to play God?
- Somebody has to, Mr. Valente.
(door clicking)
- About damn time.
The girl on the missing persons was here.
They killed her.
They had another one over here.
I helped her escape.
- I picked her up on the highway.
She's in my truck, safe.
- Get back! Turn around.
- Do as he says, Lenny.
(eerie music)
- Put your hands behind your back.
(rifle cocks)
(gunshot blasts)
(knocking at window)
(woman gasps)
(woman screams)
(door bells clanging)
- Good afternoon. Do
you have reservations?
(mysterious music)
I prepared some sandwiches for you boys
in case you got hungry on the way.
Meatloaf.
- Bears.
Come on.
(mysterious music)
- Where's our rifles at?
- I said leave.
- Go.
- Now.
- When we get to this tree-
- Uh-huh?
- Just gonna run like hell.
When you get to the top of the ridge,
I'll meet you on the other side.
- All right.
- Ready? Let's go.
- Go.
(gunshots pop)
(deep mysterious music)
- Mother, your appetizers are delicious.
Can't stop eating them.
- How 'bout you, sheriff?
- Oh, if I eat one more, I
might turn into a wienie.
(all laughing)